README.md, before:

# Genome_Sequence_Reverter
Software Engineering Team Project

### Project Details
A web software project, which will be developed with following capabilities:
* Find complementary strings of DNA
* Convert DNA strings to RNA
* Convert RNA string to Protein 
* Design primers for PCR
* Search for gene strings within Genome
* Find point mutations between the DNA strings
* Get nucleotide statistics withing DNA string
* Perform format conversions (ex: from FASTA to EMBL)
* Find restriction sites and provide appropriate restriction enzyme names
* Find CpG Islands withing DNA
* Draw a restriction site map of a plasmid
* Shuffle DNA / protein, generate random DNA / protein



### Team Members or Contributors
*Team Name: Slytherin House
*Team Leader: Everyone

1. Member: Suhrab Kurbanov
 * Role: Initial Template of the website., Develop Reverse-Complement, Complement, Reverse algorithms and apply within the initial webpage.

2. Member: Serigne Ousmane Kana Ciss
 * Role:

3. Member: Rumeysa Celik
 * Role:

4. Member: Jikhangir Chifji
 * Role:

5. Member: Betul
 * Role:


### Progress and Updates by Team Members

##### Comment from Suhrab

I just finished the initial page with three functionalities ([You can check it here](https://suhrabjan.github.io/Genome_Seq_Reverter/)). Functionalities I included are Reverse-Complement, Complement, and Reverse with optimized algorithms. All three functionalities are working without any issues. You can type in any DNA sequence and it will print out the resulted dna sequence. I also made an interesting interactive background for our website composed of A, T, G, C, U letters (DNA nucleotide letters) floating in the page. There is still some work to do on this page, but overall I like it and if you also think it looks good then we can use these files as template for making the other pages of our website project. I would be happy to hear back from you guys, and it would be nice if you can pick whichever page you would like to complete as well, or what roles you guys are interested in going on with.

P.S. The files are in the reverse-complement branch. For each role and functionality lets create a new branch and commit within those branches.

Commit message:

Adds the most up to date stage of the website.

README.md, after:

# Genome_Sequence_Reverter
Software Engineering Team Project
To see the most up to date stage of the website please [click here](https://suhrabjan.github.io/Genome_Seq_Reverter/).

### Project Details
A web software project, which will be developed with following capabilities:
* Find complementary strings of DNA
* Convert DNA strings to RNA
* Convert RNA string to Protein 
* Design primers for PCR
* Search for gene strings within Genome
* Find point mutations between the DNA strings
* Get nucleotide statistics withing DNA string
* Perform format conversions (ex: from FASTA to EMBL)
* Find restriction sites and provide appropriate restriction enzyme names
* Find CpG Islands withing DNA
* Draw a restriction site map of a plasmid
* Shuffle DNA / protein, generate random DNA / protein



### Team Members or Contributors
*Team Name: Slytherin House
*Team Leader: Everyone

1. Member: Suhrab Kurbanov
 * Role: Initial Template of the website., Develop Reverse-Complement, Complement, Reverse algorithms and apply within the initial webpage.

2. Member: Serigne Ousmane Kana Ciss
 * Role:

3. Member: Rumeysa Celik
 * Role:

4. Member: Jikhangir Chifji
 * Role:

5. Member: Betul
 * Role:


### Progress and Updates by Team Members

##### Comment from Suhrab

I just finished the initial page with three functionalities ([You can check it here](https://suhrabjan.github.io/Genome_Seq_Reverter/)). Functionalities I included are Reverse-Complement, Complement, and Reverse with optimized algorithms. All three functionalities are working without any issues. You can type in any DNA sequence and it will print out the resulted dna sequence. I also made an interesting interactive background for our website composed of A, T, G, C, U letters (DNA nucleotide letters) floating in the page. There is still some work to do on this page, but overall I like it and if you also think it looks good then we can use these files as template for making the other pages of our website project. I would be happy to hear back from you guys, and it would be nice if you can pick whichever page you would like to complete as well, or what roles you guys are interested in going on with.

P.S. The files are in the reverse-complement branch. For each role and functionality lets create a new branch and commit within those branches.
